RD-14190-Redis-and-Mongo-reduced-instrumentation (#554)
lumigo-io/opentelemetry-js-distro: README.md

* `LUMIGO_FILTER_HTTP_ENDPOINTS_REGEX='["regex1", "regex2"]'`: This option enables the filtering of client and server endpoints through regular expression searches. Fine-tune your settings via the following environment variables, which work in conjunction with `LUMIGO_FILTER_HTTP_ENDPOINTS_REGEX` for a specific span type:
  * `LUMIGO_FILTER_HTTP_ENDPOINTS_REGEX_SERVER` applies the regular expression search exclusively to server spans. Searching is performed against the following attributes on a span: `url.path` and `http.target`.
  * `LUMIGO_FILTER_HTTP_ENDPOINTS_REGEX_CLIENT` applies the regular expression search exclusively to client spans. Searching is performed against the following attributes on a span: `url.full` and `http.url`.

> * `LUMIGO_REDUCED_MONGO_INSTRUMENTATION=true`: Reduces the amount of data collected by the MongoDB [instrumentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-mongodb), such as not collecting the `db.operation` attribute `isMaster`. By default, the MongoDB instrumentation reduces the amount of data collected.
> * `LUMIGO_REDUCED_REDIS_INSTRUMENTATION=true`: Reduces the amount of data collected by the Redis [instrumentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-redis-4), such as not collecting the `db.statement` attribute `INFO`. By default, the Redis instrumentation reduces the amount of data collected.

Reviewer: After going through the PR it wasn't clear that it's the new default - I'd rephrase it a bit to emphasize that.
```suggestion
* `LUMIGO_REDUCED_MONGO_INSTRUMENTATION=true`: Reduces the amount of data collected by the MongoDB [instrumentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-mongodb), such as not collecting the `db.operation` attribute `isMaster`. 
Defaults to `true`, meaning the MongoDB instrumentation reduces the amount of data collected.
* `LUMIGO_REDUCED_REDIS_INSTRUMENTATION=true`: Reduces the amount of data collected by the Redis [instrumentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/instrumentation-redis-4), such as not collecting the `db.statement` attribute `INFO`. 
Defaults to `true`, meaning the Redis instrumentation reduces the amount of data collected.
```

Also, is product aware of that change of defaults? I guess it might break or confuse existing users relying on the current data collected...

Author: it was a request from Lir to make it a default behaviour
